PayPal payment.

Transaction Information
--------------------------------------------------
PAYMENT_STATUS
 "Canceled_Reversal"
    This means a reversal has been canceled; for example, you, the merchant, won a dispute with
    the customer and the funds for the transaction that was reversed have been returned to you.
 "Completed"
    If referring to an initial purchase, this means the payment has been completed and the
    funds have successfully been added to your account balance.
 "Denied"
    You, the merchant, denied the payment. This will only happen if the payment was
    previously pending due to one of the following pending reasons.
 "Failed"
    The payment has failed. This will only happen if the payment was made from your
    customer's bank account.
 "Pending"
    The payment is pending; see the pending_reason variable for more information.
    Please note, you will receive another Instant Payment Notification when the status of the
    payment changes to "Completed," "Failed,"
    or "Denied."
 "Refunded"
    You, the merchant, refunded the payment.
 "Reversed"
    This means that a payment was reversed due to a chargeback or other type of reversal.
    The funds have been removed from your account balance and returned to the customer.
    The reason for the reversal is given by the reason_code variable.
--------------------------------------------------
PENDING_REASON This variable is set only if PAYMENT_STATUS = Pending.
 "address"
    The payment is pending because your customer did not include a confirmed shipping address
    and you, the merchant, have your Payment Receiving Preferences set such that you want to
    manually accept or deny each of these payments. To change your preference, go to the
    Preferences section of your Profile.
 "echeck"
    The payment is pending because it was made by an eCheck, which has not yet cleared.
 "intl"
    The payment is pending because you, the merchant, hold a non-U.S. account and do not have
    a withdrawal method. You must manually accept or deny this payment from your Account Overview.
 "multi_currency"
    You do not have a balance in the currency sent, and you do not have your Payment Receiving
    Preferences set to automatically convert and accept this payment. You must manually accept
    or deny this payment.
 "unilateral"
    The payment is pending because it was made to an email address that is not yet registered
    or confirmed.
 "upgrade"
    The payment is pending because it was made via credit card and you, the merchant,
    must upgrade your account to Business or Premier status in order to receive the funds. You
    could also get this status because you, the merchant, have reached the monthly limit for
    transactions on your account.
 "verify"
    The payment is pending because you, the merchant, are not yet Verified. You must
    verify your account before you can accept this payment.
 "other"
    The payment is pending for a reason other than those listed above. For more information,
    contact customer service at https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_contact-general.
--------------------------------------------------
REASON_CODE This variable is only set if PAYMENT_STATUS = "Reversed" or "Refunded".
 "buyer_complaint"
    A reversal has occurred on this transaction due to a complaint about the transaction
    from your customer.
 "chargeback"
    A reversal has occurred on this transaction due to a chargeback by your customer.
 "guarantee"
    A reversal has occurred on this transaction due to your customer triggering a moneyback guarantee.
 "refund"
    A reversal has occurred on this transaction because you have given the customer a refund.
 "other"
    A reversal has occurred on this transaction for a reason other than those previously listed.